Xu Wenjie, you have you everywhere
Today is the night bridge for Lan Lan and Miss Shen
Lan Lan doesn't seem to have asked you, right?
Lan Lan
When did you become so close?
Mr. Xu was invited by me
Do you have an opinion?
Everywhere you go, you have to rely on it.
Sister Xuan, you are really wolf-hearted
Such an important occasion today
And bring this woman to the disgusting master
And you're so shameless
You do these boring tricks
I will only hate you more
Shen Jia has promised me to let go of the past
Also today
Business Queen Shen Tingting will be present today
Don't make any more trouble
Or thanks to Ke Shao
Our total of billions of orders has not only not been lost.
He also became a partner of the Shen family
Stop pestering me to tell you, you trash
Thanks to him!
I've never been on the wire.
There is no way to get advanced faster like this.
Make up for our family's losses
Of course it's Ke Shao
Could it be that you are still a piece of trash?
Right, Ke Shao?
I had my dad make another call, cell phone.